Update UG with sections on responsive Ui and viewing tips (#152)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

3. Copy the file to a folder of your choice to store data from your WorkBook.

> 4. Using your command terminal, navigate to the folder where you placed your WorkBook at and fire it up by inputting: `java -jar WorkBook.jar` in your terminal. <br> The GUI with sample data similar to one of the images below should appear in a few seconds.<br>

Reviewer: possible to put the narrow ui on top and resize the png so it actually looks like its the smaller window?
```suggestion
4. Using your command terminal, navigate to the folder where you placed your WorkBook at and fire it up by inputting: `java -jar WorkBook.jar` in your terminal. <br> The GUI with sample data should appear in a few seconds. Depending on the window size, you will see one of the two layouts shown below.<br>
```

![Screenshot 2022-11-02 at 1 04 38 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77665182/199294615-8492cdc5-7764-4cbc-ba90-137bb8c714d0.png)

3. Copy the file to a folder of your choice to store data from your WorkBook.

4. Using your command terminal, navigate to the folder where you placed your WorkBook at and fire it up by inputting: `java -jar WorkBook.jar` in your terminal. <br> The GUI with sample data should appear in a few seconds. Depending on the window width, you will see one of the two layouts shown below.<br>

Narrow Layout            |  Wide Layout
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![narrow layout](images/UiNarrow.png) |   ![wide layout](images/Ui.png)

> <br>

Reviewer 2: prolly incorporate this under `#### Responsive UI when resizing window` then just have to label the narrow UI's lightbulb in the image because I've labelled the main one alr

Author: I've labelled the narrow UI's lightbulb button. However, in the getting started section, i added the non annotated images and I've moved the annotated images into the responsive UI section.

* An example is shown below:
![SortExample](images/SortExample.png)

#### Responsive Ui when window resizing

> * The Ui will change dynamically when resized.

Reviewer: I think "Ui" should be standardised to "UI" throughout the UG, since its an acronym?

Author: Done, all references to Ui were changed to UI.

> 
> * When the Ui is resized narrower past a certain point, the Ui will change to a narrow format.
> 
>     ![Narrow Ui](images/UiNarrow.png)
> 
> * When the Ui is resized wider past a certain point, the Ui will change to a wide format.
>     ![Wide Ui](images/Ui.png)
> 
> 

Reviewer: why no gif :(

also, phrasing sounds a bit awkward to me, perhaps consider smth like:
```suggestion

* If the window width is too small, WorkBook will switch to a narrow layout for a better UX.

    ![Narrow Ui](images/UiNarrow.png)

* Otherwise, WorkBook will be in the wide layout which has an extra right panel for displaying tips.
    ![Wide Ui](images/Ui.png)

```
lmk what you think

Author: Phrasing changed and the 2 images are now side by side so readers and more easily compare.

* An example is shown below:
![SortExample](images/SortExample.png)

#### Responsive UI when resizing window

* The UI will change dynamically depending on the window width.

* If the window width is too small, WorkBook will switch to a narrow layout for a better UX.

* Otherwise, WorkBook will be in the wide layout which has an extra right panel for displaying tips.

>     ![ResponsiveUI](images/ResponsiveUi.gif)

Reviewer 2: might want to add a picture under each condition on how it'll look like

Author: I've added the side by side pictures from the getting started section.

</div>

Format: `list`
### 6.4. Viewing tips for your applications:

For some application stages, we have included a list of useful tips to help you prepare for and ace the deliverables.

Below are the application stages that we have included tips for.

| Application Stage |
|--------|
| `Application Sent` |
| `Online Assessment` |
| `Technical Interview` |
| `Behavioral Interview` |
| `Phone Interview` |
| `Rejected` |

If WorkBook is in the [narrow layout](#responsive-ui-when-window-resizing), simply click on the light bulb icon to view the tips for that application. A window will appear showing all the tips for that application.

Light Bulb Button            |  Tips Window
:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:
![light bulb button](images/ClickLightBulb.png) |   ![tips window](images/TipsWindow.png)

> To view the tips in the [wide layout](#responsive-ui-when-window-resizing), simple click and select the application you would like to view the tips for. The tips will appear in the right panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view the tips in the [wide layout](#responsive-ui-when-window-resizing), simply click and select the application you would like to view the tips for. The tips will appear in the right panel.
```

Author: Fixed, nice catch!

Format: `exit`

> ### 6.11. Viewing application stage tips

Reviewer: need to think where's the best place for this section, but definitely not after `exit` because thats literally at the end already...
![Screenshot 2022-11-02 at 1 18 09 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77665182/199295851-eae1b96d-6c62-436f-b22f-b28da402d393.png)

Author: I moved it so its right below the list command because after users add and list the applications, they can view the tips.

For some specific application stages, we have included a list of useful tips to help you prepare for and ace the deliverables.

Below is a list of application stages that we have tips for.

| Application Stage |
|--------|
| `Application Sent` |
| `Online Assessment` |
| `Technical Interview` |
| `Behavioral Interview` |
| `Phone Interview` |
| `Rejected` |

> To view the tips in the narrow Ui format, click the light bulb button on the application card. A window will appear displaying tips for the stage that the application is currently at.

Reviewer: Perhaps can shorten and use bold or italics for contrast? something like
```suggestion
If WorkBook is in the **narrow layout** (hyperlink the bolded words to the explanation about narrow layout above), simply click on the light bulb icon to view the tips for that application.
```

Author: I've added the anchor links.

![Click the Light Bulb](images/ClickLightBulb.png)

![Tips Window](images/TipsWindow.png)

> To view the tips in the wide Ui format, simple click and select the application you would like to view the tips for. The tips will appear in the right panel.

Reviewer: similar comment as above

Author: See above.
